and today's video guys I'm going to show
you how we can increase our FPS or
better set over performance here in
chapter 4 since the start has been kind
of rough hands of people are complaining
right now on Twitter the performance
really isn't the best so therefore guys
I'm going to show you exactly what you
all need to change and apply on your PC
in order to have better fps let's get
straight into it so guys and for the
first step in today's video we're gonna
be utilizing the automotive Windows
tweaker version 4.8 and you can get this
actually over on my Discord guys just on
my disco.g slash the stripes and then
the FPS boost packs Channel you can find
it just to be going to search about
typing the FPS boost packs and from
there you can get your hands onto it
guys yeah and once you get it on your PC
you're gonna extract it basically just
open up the file and click onto the
access and then the program is already
launched and once you get to Automotive
Windows tweaker running on your PC guys
I'm now going to get you through
everything which you can disable 100
what are we gonna do in the first place
is Click over to Performance there you
gotta put all of these you guys to the
left guys this is basically when
applications crash that they instantly
get actually turned off you know so yeah
it doesn't back out your PC if we have a
ton of services which we can disable
able something like disable tablet input
Services prefetch Services printers
pooling services and Microsoft Edge
preloading yeah these are the ones which
are safe 100 to disable then we're going
to click onto Security in here you have
to be super careful guys because you
might actually accidentally disable the
registry editor or something like the
task manager so these ones leave 100
leave them out guys yeah but what we
actually want to do here is Click onto
privacy and in here basically Microsoft
is only collecting data of your PC so
you can disable as many as you want all
of them straight up you're just sending
data right now to Microsoft something
like the Telemetry or Biometrics you
definitely want to make sure to fully
disable or something like disable and
reset advertising ID you know so they
can give you more specific ads and all
that stuff we don't care about it so
therefore we're going to disable as much
as possible and once we click now onto
additional guys we want to make sure to
enable the network adapter onboard
processor this one is actually going to
help you to counter packet loss or
hyping in general while gaming because
you're actually enabling the specific
Network onboard processor this is a
small chip on on your main board in
order to process all the calculations
when it comes down to your internet if
you're playing like games online or
whatever so therefore please make sure
this one is enabled and then we're gonna
apply all of these tweaks and we're
already done here with this first step
and now I'm just going to guide you
through a bunch of settings which I
applied here on my windows itself guys
in order to get better performance in
fortnite chapter 4 and what we want to
do in the first place is actually go
into a window search bar and just simply
type in the game mode until we can find
the game mode settings I know the
windows game mode had a ton of overwork
over the last few weeks and months guys
and I can definitely tell you when right
now comes down to gaming you can surely
enable this one in order to get better
performance in general guys but we're
not gonna stay only on the game mode
itself we're just gonna make sure that
it's actually enabled but then we're
also going to click onto related
settings guys and what you actually want
to do is under graphics performance
preference select fortnite in here and
put it under the option high performance
if your fortnite isn't here just simply
click on the browse ones guys and then
you gotta find your fortnite folder
which for me here normally is my normal
C then program files epic games fortnite
fortnite game binaries windows 64 and
from there you can get it guys here just
someone make sure to find exactly this
one here on your PC the only difference
might be you might have it maybe on
another hard drive but for most people
it's gonna be on C and then you're going
to select fortnite client Windows 60 for
shipping X add it in here guys which for
me already is of course added then
you're gonna go under options and put it
under high performance not on to let
Windows decide or power savings mode or
anything like that guys straight up high
performance then we're gonna go back
here actually into the settings and on
the top here now we have Xbox game bar
guys and the Xbox game bar is basically
like this Microsoft service where you
can share Clips record live stream and
all that stuff connect your PC basically
with the Xbox if you have it linked up
guys and personally I gotta say this
mode is super hard recommending and I
never utilized it most people have it
running 24 7 on their PC because yeah as
you know you can just simply
theoretically plug in the controller
press onto this button and it will pop
up on your PC which means this is a
process which is 24 7 in the background
so therefore we want to 100 make sure to
disable it and also uncheck everything
related to it then we're gonna go next
up here over to capture and the same
thing most PCS anyways have something
built in like this internet GPU
something like Nvidia GeForce experience
or AMD Catalyst whatever you guys are
using so therefore the capture feature
is kinda useless in my opinion I really
wouldn't recommend it because the
quality itself isn't always also like
stable 60fps it's very badly optimized
so therefore please make sure to
actually turn it off the same thing for
recorded audio or basically any of these
settings should be completely disabled
once we're done with that we can stay
here in this window guys and just simply
type in their apps until we can find
apps and features what I want you to do
is open up your task manager and
actually go over to details guys once
we're in here we're once going to click
onto memory and then again so we can see
all the programs on our PC which are
taking a lot of RAM usage CPU usage and
just some with the performance which we
need for fortnite to run smoothly and
what I want you to do basically now is
go through this list and take a look at
all the tools which you can see here
which have a high RAM usage let's just
say as an example my RGB controller
already takes half a gig of RAM guys
that is so much actually and especially
if you're on a more lower to Mid end PC
of course this is gonna hit your
performance a lot harder so therefore
realistically would I need the RGB
controller yes for my PC to look fancier
but when it comes down to gaming and I
actually need to rely on these 500 gigs
of RAM you can go now into Apps and
feature type in exactly that name you
know signal then you should find it and
uninstall it directly you know and what
I want you to do is basically go through
this whole entire list and have like a
deep look so therefore the main goal of
this going to be is that you kind of
clean up your PC manually because you
often have tools where you're like kind
of yeah I don't need it right no maybe I
need it in a couple of weeks but you
actually never use it and it's just
costing you ram so therefore go through
this whole entire list and try to
disable and delete as many of these as
possible guys in this next up guys what
are we going to do is go into a Windows
search bar and actually type in their Ms
config until we can find system
configuration open that up guys and from
here on what you want to do guys is go
over to services and actually make sure
to check hide all Microsoft services in
here guys we're basically going to do
this save and with actually hiding all
the Microsoft Services guys we know that
any of these here are 100 not
necessarily for our system to run so
what you can do is here again guys
search root real quick if you have like
any clues about some of these and you
know okay I don't really need them
something like my courses Services some
stuff like that because I already have
like a RGB controller why would I need a
second one directly for my water cooling
you can 100 make sure to disable those
here because yeah obviously I'm not
gonna need them anymore and here again
search for this whole entire list and
make sure to disable as many as possible
then next up what we're going to do guys
is Click onto Boot and then we have now
our main operating system which is
Windows 10 for me and we're gonna click
onto Advanced options and in here you
can already see guys numbers of
processors is checked now and I put it
to the maximum which my CPU can offer me
which is 32 Frets depending on what CPU
you guys have if you have like a ryzen 5
ryzen 7 i7 all that stuff guys you're of
course gonna have different amounts of
threads let's just say like a ryzen 5
5600 is gonna have like six cores 12
threads just somebody always make sure
to select the highest number available
then we're gonna click onto it and onto
OK and click onto apply and then again
onto OK and then it's going to ask us to
reset our PC and we're already gonna
have a lot better performance what are
we now also going to do in addition guys
is Press Your Windows key on your
keyboard and are in combination to open
up the run application and in there
we're going to type prefetch exactly as
red Nokia on screen guys just simply put
it in there click onto OK and then we
can see now that we have a new folder
it's going to tell you you don't
currently have permission to access this
folder click on the continue and now
we're in here guys and these are all
temporary data on your PC just simply
slowing it down make sure to completely
clean as much as you can if there's any
which you can just simply skip them it's
fine then we're gonna go in addition as
well into a window search bar type in
the center temp presenter open up this
one and delete even more temporary data
on our PC here again guys as many as
possible skip what you can't of course
and then we're gonna close this and now
you're just simply going to empty your
recycling bin and you're gonna have a
lot less temporary data and what's even
better guys is if you go onto something
like disk Cleanup in your windows search
bar again guys we can now see in here
actually I died X Shader cache which is
super important to actually like clean
once in a while and the delivery
optimization files you can do exactly
those two ones guys and then click onto
OK and make sure to delete all of these
files here you can see it's only going
to take a few seconds really depending
on your PC and now we're already done
and we deleted all the corrupted or old
files on our PC slowing it down whatever
good guys also a YouTube shout out to my
sponsor noteping which is actually going
to help you to find the server in your
near for the least amount of ping and
actually reduce the input delay in games
like fortnite or over 1000 supported
games all you guys can do is search up
fortnite in here and once I actually
selected fortnite you can now see guys
that the Netherlands 04 server is
actually only giving me 14 milliseconds
of delay as of right now and something
like london03 is already giving me 20
and we all know especially for Comcast 6
milliseconds and ping can actually make
a huge difference whether or not you can
take a wall so therefore what I'm gonna
do is actually select not the best one
click on to optimize for this game go
here under the settings and also enable
the Turbo Games function mode which is
going to give me less input delay on my
keyboard on top of that we also have
some of the best tweaks for better fps
so therefore click onto it and you can
enable all of them they're all tested
and also fully describe what they're
actually doing on here so therefore only
let no pen run the background and you're
gonna have better paying less input
delay and more FPS with my link in
description you can get by the way 20
off and they offer paypals so therefore
definitely make sure to check them out
guys